# How to: export figures

## Export location
By default, figures will be exported to a temporary directory, generated by the Matlab `tempname()` function. This is will create some random folder in your temporary folder, on my mac this gives something like `/private/tmp/tp9a9023eb_26e1_4c17_ad0f_1c9692d75f66`, which will be different each time.

But when you want to export figures for publication, it's probably better to provide a more meaningful export location. You can do this by providing a location with an optional key value pair when constructing the `model` object. For example:

```matlab
myDataObject = Data(datapath,...
    'files', allFilesInFolder(datapath, 'txt'));
myModel = ModelHierarchicalExp1(myDataObject,....
    'savePath', desiredSavePath);
```

where `desiredSavePath` can be any absolute or relative path name. This should of course be a string.

In the example below, we fit the same dataset with two discount functions and export to two sensibly named subdirectories in an `output` folder in the current working directory:

```matlab
myExpModel = ModelHierarchicalExp1(myDataObject,...
    'savePath', fullfile(pwd,'output','exponential_analysis'));
myHypModel = ModelHierarchicalLogk(myDataObject,...
    'savePath', fullfile(pwd,'output','hyperbolic_analysis'));
```

## Export formats

The default export format for figures is `.png`, but we can change this to another file type (or multiple filetypes) through another key/value pair when we construct the model. For example, if we want to export in both png and pdf formats we can just provide this in the form of a cell array of strings where the strings are the desired formats.

```matlab
myExpModel = ModelHierarchicalExp1(myDataObject,....
    'exportFormats', {'png', 'pdf'});
```

## Turn exporting off
If for whatever reason you don't want to export any figures, you switch the `shouldExportPlots` option to `false`, for example:

```matlab
myExpModel = ModelHierarchicalExp1(myDataObject,....
    'shouldExportPlots', 'false');
```

***

More information about arguments are provided in the [Parameter estimation options](http://drbenvincent.github.io/delay-discounting-analysis/ref/param_estimation_options.html) reference page.
